Always update your Quick Access Toolbar by including the commands that you use most often.
Basically, the toolbar acts like your favorites.
And it saves you time in a way that you don't have to switch between different ribbon tabs to find the
button you need most.
Here, on the top of the screen, you can see the default PowerPoint
Quick Access Toolbar.
To add something to this bar, right mouse click
and select 'Add to quick access to bar'.
The new command automatically appears at the end of the ribbon.
To remove it, right mouse click and choose 'Remove from the Quick Access Toolbar'.
You can also add buttons, which are not available right away.
Just click at this little arrow, and select 'More commands'.
Here, you can control virtually everything.
You can search for 'popular commands', commands not available in the ribbon and 'all commands' as well.
Let's select...
Add a chart, for example, and push it to the top of the list.
What helps you to organize the list is inserting separators. To add one, just click on the separator button, 'Add',
And push it up using the arrow buttons.
Another option is to choose whether you want your Quick Access Toolbar to be default for all documents,
or add specific features only for one particular document.
For example, if it happens that you need to format a presentation containing huge amount of photographs,
you can add picture features only to the Quick Access Toolbar available inside this file,
and they will show up every time you open it.
That's the basic overview of how to organize your working environment, using that Quick Access Toolbar